rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
STANDARD, 2 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 1, MAX_MSG_SIZE 16
0.000000
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
STANDARD, 3 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 2, MAX_MSG_SIZE 21
0.000000
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
STANDARD, 4 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 3, MAX_MSG_SIZE 23
0.000000
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
STANDARD, 5 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 4, MAX_MSG_SIZE 27
0.000000
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
STANDARD, 6 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 5, MAX_MSG_SIZE 27
0.000004
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
STANDARD, 7 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank before form_send_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 6, MAX_MSG_SIZE 28
0.000000
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 8 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 7, MAX_MSG_SIZE 28
0.000000
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 9 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 8, MAX_MSG_SIZE 27
0.000064
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 10 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 9, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000073
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 11 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 10, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000086
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 12 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 11, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000084
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 13 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 12, MAX_MSG_SIZE 29
0.000086
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 14 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 13, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000098
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 15 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 14, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000113
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 16 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 15, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000076
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 17 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 16, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000116
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 18 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 17, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000123
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 19 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 18, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000154
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 20 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 18, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000154
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 21 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 19, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000168
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 22 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 19, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000191
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 23 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 19, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000188
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 24 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 20, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000178
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 25 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 20, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000202
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 26 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 21, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000226
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 26 before first barrier
rank 26 after first barrier
rank 26 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 27 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 21, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000205
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 26 before first barrier
rank 26 after first barrier
rank 26 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 27 before first barrier
rank 27 after first barrier
rank 27 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 28 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 21, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000219
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 26 before first barrier
rank 26 after first barrier
rank 26 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 27 before first barrier
rank 27 after first barrier
rank 27 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 28 before first barrier
rank 28 after first barrier
rank 28 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 29 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 22, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000212
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 27 before first barrier
rank 27 after first barrier
rank 27 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 26 before first barrier
rank 26 after first barrier
rank 26 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 29 before first barrier
rank 29 after first barrier
rank 29 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 28 before first barrier
rank 28 after first barrier
rank 28 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 30 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 22, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000216
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 28 before first barrier
rank 28 after first barrier
rank 28 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 26 before first barrier
rank 26 after first barrier
rank 26 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 27 before first barrier
rank 27 after first barrier
rank 27 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 29 before first barrier
rank 29 after first barrier
rank 29 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 30 before first barrier
rank 30 after first barrier
rank 30 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 31 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 23, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000218
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 29 before first barrier
rank 29 after first barrier
rank 29 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 8 before first barrier
rank 8 after first barrier
rank 8 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 22 before first barrier
rank 22 after first barrier
rank 22 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 1 before first barrier
rank 1 after first barrier
rank 1 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 25 before first barrier
rank 25 after first barrier
rank 25 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 26 before first barrier
rank 26 after first barrier
rank 26 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 27 before first barrier
rank 27 after first barrier
rank 27 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 28 before first barrier
rank 28 after first barrier
rank 28 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 31 before first barrier
rank 31 after first barrier
rank 31 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 30 before first barrier
rank 30 after first barrier
rank 30 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 24 before first barrier
rank 24 after first barrier
rank 24 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 15 before first barrier
rank 15 after first barrier
rank 15 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 9 before first barrier
rank 9 after first barrier
rank 9 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 11 before first barrier
rank 11 after first barrier
rank 11 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 10 before first barrier
rank 10 after first barrier
rank 10 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 13 before first barrier
rank 13 after first barrier
rank 13 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 12 before first barrier
rank 12 after first barrier
rank 12 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 14 before first barrier
rank 14 after first barrier
rank 14 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 4 before first barrier
rank 4 after first barrier
rank 4 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 2 before first barrier
rank 2 after first barrier
rank 2 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 3 before first barrier
rank 3 after first barrier
rank 3 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 18 before first barrier
rank 18 after first barrier
rank 18 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 17 before first barrier
rank 17 after first barrier
rank 17 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
STANDARD, 32 PROCS, 1 TESTS, ww_36_pmec_36
rank 0 before first barrier
rank 0 after first barrier
rank 0 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
MAX_MSG_COUNT 23, MAX_MSG_SIZE 30
0.000178
rank 5 before first barrier
rank 5 after first barrier
rank 5 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 6 before first barrier
rank 6 after first barrier
rank 6 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 19 before first barrier
rank 19 after first barrier
rank 19 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 7 before first barrier
rank 7 after first barrier
rank 7 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 20 before first barrier
rank 20 after first barrier
rank 20 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 23 before first barrier
rank 23 after first barrier
rank 23 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 21 before first barrier
rank 21 after first barrier
rank 21 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
rank 16 before first barrier
rank 16 after first barrier
rank 16 before form_comm call
rank before form_recv_comm
rank after form_recv_comm
